MIT License with Extended Attribution (Dual Language: English / Spanish)

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
ENGLISH VERSION (legally binding)
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

MIT License (with extended attribution for the Amy Programming Language)

Copyright (c) 2025 SupremCuervo Developer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
   all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. Any redistribution, modification, or derivative work based on the Software
   must preserve clear attribution to the original author **Amy** and the
   project **Amy Programming Language** in documentation, credits, or license
   files associated with the work.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
VERSIÓN EN ESPAÑOL (traducción informativa)
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Licencia MIT (con atribución extendida para el Lenguaje de Programación Amy)

Copyright (c) 2025 Desarrollador SupremCuervo

Por la presente se concede permiso, sin costo alguno, a cualquier persona que
obtenga una copia de este software y de los archivos de documentación asociados
(el "Software"), para tratar con el Software sin restricción, incluyendo sin
limitación los derechos de usar, copiar, modificar, fusionar, publicar,
distribuir, sublicenciar y/o vender copias del Software, y permitir a las
personas a las que se les proporcione el Software hacer lo mismo, sujeto a las
siguientes condiciones:

1. El aviso de copyright anterior y este aviso de permiso deberán incluirse en
   todas las copias o partes sustanciales del Software.

2. Cualquier redistribución, modificación o trabajo derivado basado en el
   Software deberá mantener un reconocimiento claro y visible a la autora
   original **Amy** y al proyecto **Lenguaje de Programación Amy**, en la
   documentación, créditos o archivos de licencia asociados.

EL SOFTWARE SE PROPORCIONA "TAL CUAL", SIN GARANTÍA DE NINGÚN TIPO, EXPRESA O
IMPLÍCITA, INCLUYENDO PERO NO LIMITÁNDOSE A LAS GARANTÍAS DE COMERCIABILIDAD,
IDONEIDAD PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR Y NO INFRACCIÓN. EN NINGÚN CASO LOS
AUTORES O TITULARES DEL COPYRIGHT SERÁN RESPONSABLES DE NINGUNA RECLAMACIÓN,
DAÑO U OTRA RESPONSABILIDAD, YA SEA EN UNA ACCIÓN DE CONTRATO, AGRAVIO O
CUALQUIER OTRA FORMA, DERIVADA DE, O EN CONEXIÓN CON EL SOFTWARE O EL USO U
OTRAS OPERACIONES EN EL SOFTWARE.
